* Definitions

The following conventions are used.

fleet
    The number of teams participating in a regatta 

finish
    The order in which a boat crosses the finish line, or the
    appropriate label if otherwise (DNS, DNF, BYE).
    
score
    The number of points received by a team in a specific race in a
    given division
    
penalty
    A disqualification (DSQ), retire after finish (RAF), or ``on
    course side after start'' (OCS) penalty.
    
breakdown
    A handicap granted by the race committee of the regatta due to
    boat failure or other circumstance outside of the sailor's control

Generally, a regatta consists of multiple divisions. The net results
are based on the sum of the individual scores within each
division. For the purposes of this discussion, only one division is
treated.


* Penalized teams

For penalized teams (DSQ, OCS, RAF), the score is Fleet + 1. Their
finish does not bear on the other sailor's scores.


* Regular finishes

For non-penalized teams, the score in a given race in a given division
is an integer value given by their place crossing the finish line,
UNLESS

    - a breakdown is assigned in the form of a score, in which case
      the score is as assigned,
      
    - a breakdown is assigned in the form of an average, in which case
      the score for that race is given by the average of that team's
      score across all the races--both before and after--in that same
      division, rounded to the nearest integer, and updated
      retro-actively as the regatta progresses, unless
      
          - said average is no better than the actual score would be
            without the breakdown,
	    
          - there are no other races in that division to average
	  
      in which case the score remains (temporarily) as if there were no breakdown.


* Special finishes

For teams that do not cross the finish line because they did not start
(DNS) or did not finish (DNF), the score is Fleet + 1.

For teams that do not cross the finish line because of a bye (BYE),
the score is the average of the scores in the other races--both before
and after--in that division, rounded to the nearest integer, and
updated retro-actively, unless,

    - There are no other scores to average, in which case the score is
      (temporarily) Fleet.
